startup tweaks and README additions (#512)
artoonie/rcvis: README.md

Learn more on our Medium post: [An Illustrated Guide to Ranked-Choice Voting](https://medium.com/@armin.samii/an-illustrated-guide-to-ranked-choice-voting-4ce3c5fe73f9).

## Examples
Check out [rcvis.com](https://www.rcvis.com) for live examples, including:

| Barchart | Round-by-Round |
| --- | --- |
| ![Barchart](static/visualizer/icon_interactivebar.gif "Interactive Barchart") | ![Round-by-Round](static/visualizer/icon_interactiveroundbyround.gif "Round-by-Round") |

| Sankey | Tabular Summary |
| --- | --- |
| ![Sankey](static/visualizer/icon_sankey.jpg "Sankey") | ![Tabular Summaries](static/visualizer/icon_singletable.png "Tabular Summaries") |

## Embedding
RCVis implements the [oembed protocol](http://www.oembed.com) with discoverability, allowing you to embed files into your website with an iframe.

<br>

# Running RCVis Locally

## Installation

> Install `python3`, `virtualenv`, `npm`, and `postgresql` with your favorite package manager, then run `./scripts/install.sh`. This script will initalize a `.env` file in the root directory for your secrets and configuration. You will need to supply a secret key and local host IP address before proceeding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install `python3`, `virtualenv`, and `npm` with your favorite package manager, then run `./scripts/install.sh`. This script will initialize a `.env` file in the root directory for your secrets and configuration. You will need to supply a secret key in `.env` before proceeding.
```

> Install `python3`, `virtualenv`, `npm`, and `postgresql` with your favorite package manager, then run `./scripts/install.sh`. This script will initalize a `.env` file in the root directory for your secrets and configuration. You will need to supply a secret key and local host IP address before proceeding.

Author: I encountered errors that were resolved by taking these steps, but I'm afraid understanding why is beyond my knowledge. They may well be unnecessary for others. Just flagging for your awareness and consideration!

> Install `python3`, `virtualenv`, `npm`, and `postgresql` with your favorite package manager, then run `./scripts/install.sh`. This script will initalize a `.env` file in the root directory for your secrets and configuration. You will need to supply a secret key and local host IP address before proceeding.

Reviewer: Got it. My strong suspicion is that postgres is not required, and that there was some other config issue at the time you saw this error. I could be wrong, but barring evidence otherwise, I'll remove the recommendation to install postgres.
